We know about how color images are represented numerically.
And next, I want to show you how color can be used in image analysis and transformation.
We'll start by learning how to use information about the colors in
an image to isolate a particular area in an image.
This is easiest to understand in an example.
We'll be selecting an area of interest using a color threshold.
Color thresholds are used in a number of applications,
including extensively in computer graphics and video.
A common use is with a green screen.
A green screen is used to where two images or
video streams based on identifying and replacing a large green area.
So how does all this work?
Well, the first step is to isolate the green background and
then replace that green area with an image of your choosing.
This task seems simple enough.
So let's see how to do this programmatically with our own image.